Elastic.Ventures Terms of Service

Terms of Service ("Terms")

Last updated: 2018-02-01

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the http://elastic.ventures website and the 
Elastic.Ventures mobile applications (the "Service") operated by Elastic Ventures, Inc. ("EV", "us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. 
These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. 
If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

Termination

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, 
including without limitation if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, 
without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Subscriptions

Some parts of the Service are billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). The fees for these services is listed on the website.


Content

Our Service allows you to post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, 
text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the content and insuring it does not violate any
trademarks, copyrights, patents, non-disclosure agreements, et al. 

The Content section is for businesses that allow users to create, edit, share, make content on their websites or apps. 

Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by us. 

EV has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, 
or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that EV 
shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged 
to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. 
If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 (change this) days' notice prior 
to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
hello@elastic.ventures
30661 valley center rd.
valley center, ca. 92082 usa
























Create your own Terms of Service
For websites, apps and more. Download as HTML or Text. Unlock premium content.
Disclaimer: Legal information is not legal advice. Read the disclaimer.
